

Not notes for the overall story, but rather random character ideas for storys in the locations dotted about the world;



- Someone using the mesh to exchange information with a friend though a firewall. While they talk as if the info is important,
it turns out something pathetic. (School kids exchanging something around their school security?). [two locations with emails between
them plus locked data, puzzle is to work out their password system)


- Someone using a old commadore or such to access the mesh?

- Someone who doesnt really get computers stumbling accross the mesh accidently, and conversing with a more technical person that doesn't believe them?

- Some conspiracy groups who think they have stumbled across the [illuminaity/aliens/NSA/..] secret web, and they are argueing over which it is.
- (related) two people in that group really are NSA agents, but dont know the others are? (found out by accessing their secret files)

- Project to weaponise the infovours - to target and remove specific peoples memorys. Lots of militaary uses.
--- group within project decides its too dangerious, but they cant successfully pretend the research is fake.
    instead, they deploy it specifically to remove all knowledge of the project. They arnt 100% successfull, but given
    they removed knowledge from themselves, they dont know to try again
    
    
            




--------------------------------------------------------
Below is extract sfrom some conversation;


Each of the following is seperate emails (1 per line);

hello? anyone there?
hello? hello?
hello!
No one is replying to me.
hello? 
How do I shout on this email? I need people to hear me.
I am trying to type louder.
Is it a virus? Do I have a virus?  Jane? Can you hear me?
whats going on?
Is this the internet? It doesnt look like the internet. They said I could email at people. How do I email at people?


Reply to one of them (from someone else);

Calm down.
What software are you using?

The blue one.

Whats its name?

Sorry, I meant it has a circular icon. I tripple right clicked it like you said
and then it appeared so I paniced and hit something and now I am here

Ok, ignoring the fact thats not what I told you to do, what appeared?

this

Ok, but what is this, I cant see your machine.

oh, sorry. I meant this software appeared.

-sigh-
I have to go school now, I'll be back later to try to work out what you have done.
Or ask mum after she has finnished with her quantom encyption project.


Puzzle;
Allthough unnamed we know that the person replying is JANE from one of the messages. We can have someone elses machine elsewhere
mention JANE likes something a lot, and this becomes a clue to open their computer
(hay, maybe its ultraloch/barbie again?!)



